Clarify prop drilling and introduce Context API (#1510)
solidjs/solid-docs: src/routes/(0)concepts/(0)components/(2)props.mdx

Reviewer: Since Solid's components scala exceptionally well, you can also cut larger components to avoid the need for prop-drilling.

It would also help to show an example, e.g.

```ts
function ComponentA(props) {
  return <div>
    <ComponentB item={props.item} />
  </div>;
}

function ComponentB(props) {
  return <p>
    <ComponentC item={props.item} />
  </p>;
}

function ComponentC(props) {
  return <span>{props.item} /></span>;
}

// using content to avoid props
function ComponentC(props) {
  return <span>{useContext{Item)()} /></span>;
}

// cutting larger components
function ComponentA(props) {
  return <div>
    <p>
      <span>{props.item}</span>
    </p>
  </div>;
}
```

## Prop drilling

Prop drilling refers to passing props through multiple layers of components.

> While this is a valid pattern, it can become cumbersome in larger component trees, especially when intermediate components receive values they do not directly use.

Reviewer: > it can be cumbersome

it can cause props to become cluttered and confusing

Author: yeah, I specifically tried to avoid a subjective opinion 

I think both context and prop drilling can become cluttered and confusing 

so saying this about prop drilling and then suggesting context 
as an alternative does not feel right, since it  is not exactly what context solves, at least not all the time. 

the most objective thing is that prop drilling just demands more boilerplate 
and context gives you a shortcut to that. 

confusion exists in context too with its  non strict data flow, amongst other downsides,

I am seeing this last section as a simple introduction to the other API 
but I don't necessarily want to express an architecture opinion on which is better as it vary 
based on need and usage

Author: that said, I have applied that change 
because it is also not not true.

> While this is a valid pattern, it can become cumbersome in larger component trees, especially when intermediate components receive values they do not directly use.

Author: ```suggestion
While this is a valid pattern, it can cause props to become cluttered and confusing
in larger component trees, especially when intermediate components receive values they do not directly use.
```
